Add description for file system objects (#8500)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/glossary.md

    [store path]: #gloss-store-path

  - [file system object]{#gloss-store-object}\
    The Nix data model for representing file system data.

    See [File System Object](@docroot@/architecture/file-system-object.md) for details.

    [file system object]: #gloss-file-system-object

  - [store object]{#gloss-store-object}\

>     A store object consists of a [file system object], [reference]s to other store objects, and other metadata.

Author: We forgot the obvious.

```suggestion
    A store object consists of a [file system object], [reference]s to other store objects, and other metadata.
    It can be referred to by [store path].
```

Reviewer: I think it needs to be

> they can be referred to by store path

or

> it can be referred to be a store path

    [store path]: #gloss-store-path

  - [file system object]{#gloss-store-object}\

>     The Nix data model for representing file system data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The Nix data model for representing file system data, restricted to the essentials.
```

Hint that it doesn't deal with most of the complexity of the file system. This aspect is important enough to make the glossary, but the details are still in the linked page.

```suggestion
    The Nix data model for representing simplified file system data.
```

```suggestion
    The Nix data model for representing file system data, restricted to files, directories, symlinks and the executable bit.
```

    [store path]: #gloss-store-path

  - [file system object]{#gloss-store-object}\
    The Nix data model for representing file system data.

    See [File System Object](@docroot@/architecture/file-system-object.md) for details.

    [file system object]: #gloss-file-system-object

  - [store object]{#gloss-store-object}\

>     A store object is a [file system object] with [reference]s to other store objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A store object combines a [file system object] with [reference]s to other store objects.
```

```suggestion
    A store object is formed by a [file system object] and [reference]s to other store objects.
```

.. and we also store other metadata, like a creation timestamp, deriver (should be derivers), maybe more.

Reviewer: Are those things covered by a signature? I never really considered them part of the core data model. It's good to think about!

Reviewer 2: The fingerprint consists of the file system object and the references but none of the metadata that I mentioned.
So they don't have to be part of the _core_ data model, but I don't think we should imply that the metadata doesn't exist either. The glossary shouldn't be exclusively about an idealized data model.

Author: ```suggestion
    A store object consists of a [file system object], [reference]s to other store objects, and other metadata.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good. For now it is all fairly tight in-line in the glossary, but we can better separate it out once it gets its own page.

>     Store objects can be sources (copied from outside of the store), derivation outputs (produced by running a build task), or [derivation]s (files describing a build task).

Reviewer 2: I think of "source" only as a relation between a derivation and a content addressed path that is available at evaluation time. I don't think it's a viable concept on its own.
What about `nix store add file` or whatever it's called?

```suggestion
    Store objects can contain content addressed data (such as sources added through evaluation), derivation outputs (produced by running a build task), or [derivation]s (files describing a build task).
```

Reviewer: Agreed "sources" isn't a type of data, but a relationship between data and derivation. (`inputSrcs` field.)

I wouldn't mind just dropping this sentence until we make the next page for store objects.

I also think it's better to say "derivations can be persisted as store object" (i.e. as part of the derivation documentation) than "store objects can represent derivations". Store objects can represent *anything*, and the drv file serialization is just a mere *use* of that property.

Author: Yeah, let's drop the sentence.

> 
>     Store objects can be sources (copied from outside of the store), derivation outputs (produced by running a build task), or [derivation]s (files describing a build task).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
